what's the end of week 8 I'm joined
right now by sneaky from cloud 9 singie
I feel like there is no good nal CST
right now because I can't like if you
had to ask me it would be hard to say
what do you think of the current
standings yeah they seem to be kind of
all over the place
I mean we haven't been that consistent I
mean super recently we won all our games
but you know you had some like mid split
faltering you know it riff rivals we
only went 3-3 and I'm like P win 3 PP 1
went for 2 but they've been losing like
all their games so it's it's basically
all over the place I don't know like
models is still at the top but they've
looked a lot more shaky even though
they're at the top and CLG lost Gary doc
there's so much stuff going on you're
right and that's and that's one of the
things that is interesting to me because
I feel like generally speaking all the
like weird stuff happens at the
beginning of a split and then B then
it's like oh yeah then there's like TSM
or mortals or cloud9 who have just gone
undefeated for like the past five or six
weeks you know and so I just I feel like
this is kind of a unique situation do
you agree or am I just crazy yeah this
usually been someone at the top doing
summer like last summer it was TSM
summer 2015
with that was that CLG at the top like
were they at the top of the standings oh
I think seal G was really good no cuz it
wasn't at TSM at the end of 2015 I'm not
sure but you know seals you want it so I
just wasn't sure they were top of
standings TSM was still top of the
standings maybe yeah certainly seals II
felt like the like long shot for that
TSM CLG game at MSG yeah for sure so
unique situation what do you think that
means for playoffs um
I guess it kind of just seems to be that
it's open more because like you've been
saying all the other ones just kiemce
seem kind of determined like who's going
to go up to the top but yeah this time I
don't really know like I think put all
the playoff spots are locked in right
now so that's why us NV TSM
little CLG and then Dignitas
yeah it's getting really down to the
wire Dignitas looks really good like TSM
they're looking pretty good all the
teams look really good so I think would
be really close what else are they all
look really bad I mean this is two sides
of the coin it's like we can all beat
each other but maybe the games aren't as
good as they should be yeah I mean on
the other hand we did transfer Europe so
maybe that means that we are all really
good
now what equal we're about to take off
here okay we're just going to hold on to
this here well just the camera angle so
I wonder if that showed up on camera
nice people are here to help hold this
down while we wrap up this interview all
right with what is it about cloud or
what does cloud 9 been doing in the past
couple of weeks to make sure that you
guys are able to play so you know
consistently or we've kind of moved into
just using impact jib recently because
Ray we're kind of just giving him a
break you know it was like mental stuff
so that's one of the things we'd be
doing the other thing was we've kind of
just been talking a lot more about our
objective control and specifically like
fighting the objectives because I know a
lot of times before you just give them
up or don't really go for it but now a
lot of times we'll just actually go for
the jagan first and like look for the
fight instead so I think that one's been
helping us a lot just because having
dragons is really important like when
you get to mountains it's just basically
free bearing pressure like they cannot
leave barren open at all so they have to
be faced checking 24/7 and then other
dragons really good too so I think
that's been helping us a lot you are I
believe the third ad carry that I've
interviewed this weekend and the first
one told me that he did not like the
patch because he felt like it really
limits the ad carry options compared to
last last patch then the second one told
me he thought that this one a lot of
freedom or any carries in last patch
maybe you can be the tiebreaker what
does this patch mean for ad carries um
well as the patch goes on you can kind
of just see more like your eyes open to
more fit more clear
yeah you're like maybe this isn't
actually as good yeah I mean right when
they came out I thought it actually
opened a lot because gin with DES plated
was really strong but as you see more
games like there's more tanks so the
lethality build isn't as good and then
that means not that good so there's just
a lot of decent ticks now nothing seems
like Cuba in the opie besides Haven
obviously because I mean Calista for
some reason is super high prioritized in
some regions but then like na it's
hasn't been picked every game possible
so I think there is a decent amount of
options for Hickory right now like
you're not just stuck on one pick all
the time very good well before this
thing blows away is there anything that
you want to say doing the cloud9 fans
thanks for watching cheers on for your
glass thank you very much and thank you
to the two gentlemen that came to save
the day with our tents before they flies
away you can check out the rest of our
coverage of all things eSports right
here
listen Los Angeles housing prices are
only going up rent is ridiculous and I'm
unemployed so if you want to support me
you can do so over at Travis Khafre comm
slash support